Part 1:
  Gemini CLI: Straightforward solution, decent tests.  It tried to run main
     and correctly concluded the problem (can't see the input because of the
     sandbox) was outside the scope it could solve.  Note: accidentally used
     Gemini 3.0.  It ran cargo fmt on the directory, which I oddly enough
     nothing else had ever bothered to do.
  Claude: Solved it with a very small amount of code.  Correctly explained
     how it worked given an example.  But: not very efficient! O(N_range * N_val).
     When asked, correctly stated the code wasn't a good idea for 10k sized inputs,
     which in fairness I didn't specify.  It explained the problem was 'Advent
     of code style'. After specifying, improved and correctly stated complexity.
Added problem size statement to prompt.
  Gemini 3 CLI: Very similar to claude.
  Cursor: similar: initial impl was O(NM), when asked improved.  But I caught
     it looking at other solutions, so I probably need to more agressively hide
     them.
Moved all the previous impls out of the directory.
  Antigravity: Gemini 3 Flash.  Solved with the better solution initially.
     Made some small clarity improvements when asked to review.

Part 2:
  Gemini CLI: Straightforward solution, but duplicated merge.
     When asked to improve clarity and efficiency, it factored out the merge
     function.  However, the solution to part2 wasn't as efficient as it could
     be.  When asked explicitly about making part2 more efficient, correctly
     fixed.  Decent tests.  Again, accidentally Gemini 2.5.
  Claude Code: solved quickly and efficiently, taking advantage of already
    existing seperated merge function.  However, it wasted space by constructing
    the merged ranges.  When asked to improve, it suggested the standard
    improvement, and asked whether or not to apply it, which was nice.
  Gemini 3 CLI: Very similar to Claude.  When asked to make part2 more
    efficient it discussed using rayon, decided that was overly complex and
    that it should just avoid allocating the merge.  It didn't ask before doing
    it though.
  Cursor: looked at outputs of other versions, went straight to the
    good solution.  I had moved the files, but clearly it still had them
    in context since it said it was considering other impls.
  Antigravity3: Gemini 3 Flash.  Similar to others, solution constructed
    full merge.  I did tell it to refactor into a helper, that may have
    distracted it.  Improved when asked after suggesting some other improvements.

  Eval: hard to say, since apparently there was some consideration of other solutions,
  at least by cursor.  Gemini3 and Claude had very similar solutions, cursor
  probably can't be evaluated.  Gemini 3 probably did better than 2.5.